what's happening y'all shit Boyd red and
this is my post fight analysis for the
floyd mayweather vs. Victor Ortiz fight
and as far as the result i called it i
figured that mayweather was gonna win i
figured that he's gonna outbox in our
classroom but then again maybe class is
not the best word to use for the end
result of that fight but then again I'll
get to that later but I figured that
this fight was gonna be like Mayweather
hadn't all over again you know you got a
strong powerful God just coming in
charging in no real defense but he's got
power and Ortiz he probably learned
about maybe like 25 punches the whole
fight you know nothing really meaningful
nothing to hurt Mayweather bexley rounds
one thing for was um Mayweather you know
pong with the jab hit him with straight
right hand and maybe stepping in with a
left hook and then just send back out
Ortiz just trying to stalk him trying to
pick his shots and then try to you know
laying one or two big haymaker to try to
stun Mayweather that happened pretty
much grounds working for with the
exception of with our teenz he's landing
a flurry you know Floyd's in the ropes
and he throws a headbutt to Mayweather
and I mean it was open the head but he
tried to sneak in another right hook
when the ref trying to break him up and
Mayweather was pissed about that and
they um he suffered with a reference
separate them they went they both went
to their neutral their perspective
neutral corners and that's just when I
tried to shake hands or just when they
try to you know trying to get back into
the swing of things Mayweather just
drops him with a left and a right hook
and just ends his night in the fourth
round now some people say well that was
a dirty move from Mayweather but I don't
know if y'all the blight or not but do
you know that Victor Ortiz the one who
initiated with the head but last time I
checked head button was illegal and
Mayweather I mean of course that when
the rest said fight mean he just didn't
left and right hook because that was
just his instinct but I guarantee you
that if it was other way around that if
Mayweather it maybe was the one who
threw the head but and Victor Ortiz was
the one-two punch to in May with his
night everybody else to be cosine
everybody be like oh man well maybe
whether that was a cheap shot from him
man Victor did the right thing he just
took advantage of an open shot
Mayweather deserve it I can guarantee
show the other foot but of course you
know some of the mayweather haters you
know they don't see that there because
people they stay want to see maybe with
a lose they don't want to see the do
succeed and me this is coming from a
bottom i mean i'm a boxing fan first in
a member of the fans second and i don't
really take nothing away from into these
guys even though that was a little bit
of a dirty move for Victor Ortiz and you
can debate whether or not that
Mayweather was you could better weather
night but that was a dirty move from
Mayweather some people call it dirty
some people call it a perfect moments
I'm gonna call it a perfect shot but
anyway um what's next for Mayweather I
say it may weather might end up fighting
either con or pack y'all probably like
in may next you can probably got like
sometime next summer and he'll probably
fight pacquiao guarantee like at the end
of next year probably as far as well
Victor Ortiz does probably a rematch
with Roberto probably go back to
fighting bones or whatever but the
result of this fight says it all what do
y'all think was a cheap or was it fair
and the victim was um it victim really
started I'm not sure